<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\205\005</DOCNO>
<FROM>3xtw5xwb52@748gu.p7</FROM>
<TO>wgux7z440@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
http://mt224w5jfrr.com
 
 
 
 
Revenge! he snorted, and the light of his eyes lit the the hall from
floor to ceiling like scarlet lightning. Revenge! The King under the
ountain is dead and where are hi kin that dare seek revenge? Girion
Lord of Dale is dead, and I have eaten his people like a wolf among
sheep, and where are his sons sons that dare approach me? I kill where
I wish and none dare resist. I laid low the warriors of old and their
like is not in the world today. Then I was but young and tender. Now I
am old and strong, strong strong. Thief in the Shadows! he gloated. My
armour is like tenfold shields, my teeth are swords, my claws spears,
the shock of my tail a thunderbolt, my wings a hurricane, and my breath
death!
I have always understood, said Bilbo in a frightened squeak, that
dragons were softer underneath, especially in the region of
http://mt224w5jfrr.com




Revenge! he snorted, and the light of his eyes lit the the hall from
floor to ceiling like scarlet lightning. Revenge! The King under the
ountain is dead and where are hi kin that dare seek revenge? Girion
Lord of Dale is dead, and I have eaten his people like a wolf among
sheep, and where are his sons sons that dare approach me? I kill where
I wish and none dare resist. I laid low the warriors of old and their
like is not in the world today. Then I was but young and tender. Now I
am old and strong, strong strong. Thief in the Shadows! he gloated. My
armour is like tenfold shields, my teeth are swords, my claws spears,
the shock of my tail a thunderbolt, my wings a hurricane, and my breath
death!
   I have always understood, said Bilbo in a frightened squeak, that
dragons were softer underneath, especially in the region of

</TEXT>
</DOC>

