<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\068\050</DOCNO>
<FROM>404r3w@5b0rzc63u33s059ad.com</FROM>
<TO>n8d3t1@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Research Highlights from Strategy Analytics

Wedday, June 09, 2006 - Wedrsday, June 15, 2006 

Strategy Analytics Logo <http://syl.5b0rzc63u33s059ad.net> 


This report alert details the content that we have published on our
website that matches your interests


In the following list
<http://syl.5b0rzc63u33s059ad.com/images/reportalerts/0p7580m5.217>
indicates that you are able to view the full content of the report.
Content marked with
<http://syl.5b0rzc63u33s059ad.com/images/reportalerts/2c7o74.217> are
limited to a detailed report abstract and/or Table of Contents.

  _____  


Connected Home Devices


Home Device Management: Opportunities and Challenges for Service
Providers and Vendors  (Report
locked)<http://syl.5b0rzc63u33s059ad.net/img/ReportAlerts/2c7o74.217> 


Report, Word


The home network is expanding rapidly beyond the PC. Nearly 50% owners
say they connect a DVD player to their home network, and more than a
third connect a games console. Broadband service providers are faced
with the challenge of managing the increasing complexity of this digital
home network and must decide how much responsibility they are able to
take for multiple connected home devices. Solutions to this challenge
are now proposed by vendors such as Motive and SupportSoft, and service
providers around the world are examining the benefits of these
technologies. This report provides an introduction to the major issues
surrounding Home Device Management, describes its potential benefits for
service providers, and assesses the challenges faced by vendors. 

Click here to access the preview of analysis
<http://syl.5b0rzc63u33s059ad.net/44u426i.3aue?mod=ReportAbstractViewer&
a0=2952> 



  _____  


Wireless Internet Applications


2006 World Cup to Boost Mobile Data by $1Bn as T-DMB and DVB-H Get First
Run Out!  (Report
locked)<http://syl.5b0rzc63u33s059ad.net/img/ReportAlerts/2c7o74.217> 


Insight, Word


The 2006 Football World Cup is now underway and mobile service providers
the world over have launched various data services to capitalize on the
tournament. Overall, we estimate that consumers will spend close to $1
billion on mobile data services as a direct result of the World Cup.

Click here to access the preview of analysis
<http://syl.5b0rzc63u33s059ad.net/44u426i.3aue?mod=ReportAbstractViewer&
a0=2957> 



  _____  


Wireless Network Strategies


Cellular Tariff Developments in the UK  (Report
locked)<http://syl.5b0rzc63u33s059ad.net/img/ReportAlerts/2c7o74.217> 


Presentation, PowerPoint


After little movement for much of this decade, cellular prices have
started to fall in the UK in 2006. T-Mobile's new pricing schemes are a
response to pressure from low-cost MVNOs in the prepaid market and Three
in the volume postpaid market. T-Mobile is now the clear price leader in
the UK cellular market, with Orange, O2 and Vodafone all representing
poor value in the current climate. This report highlights the impact of
recent tariff changes on the positioning of the UK operators and MVNOs
in the cellular voice market.

Click here to access the preview of analysis
<http://syl.5b0rzc63u33s059ad.net/44u426i.3aue?mod=ReportAbstractViewer&
a0=2951> 


You have no active subscriptions
Benefits of being a client
<http://syl.5b0rzc63u33s059ad.net/44u426i.3aue?mod=DeliveryInformation> 

Customize my delivery
<http://syl.5b0rzc63u33s059ad.net/44u426i.3aue?mod=UsersInterestUpdate> 

Visit the Strategy Analytics Website <http://syl.5b0rzc63u33s059ad.net/>
Contact Strategy Analytics <mailto:0u914bb9ys@5b0rzc63u33s059ad.com> 

  _____  


EET OUR ANALYSTS AT THESE EVENTS


</> <http://syl.5b0rzc63u33s059ad.net/44u426i.3aue?mod=EventsViewerMore>
Telematics Update Navigation Europe

19 Oct 2006 to 25 Oct 2006
</> <http://syl.5b0rzc63u33s059ad.net/44u426i.3aue?mod=EventsViewerMore>
ROBO Business Conference

20 Oct 2006 to 25 Oct 2006
</> <http://syl.5b0rzc63u33s059ad.net/44u426i.3aue?mod=EventsViewerMore>
The Future of LEDs Conference

26 Oct 2006 to 25 Oct 2006
</> <http://syl.5b0rzc63u33s059ad.net/44u426i.3aue?mod=EventsViewerMore>
The Connected Digital Consumer ¨C Entertainment on the Move

27 Oct 2006
</> <http://syl.5b0rzc63u33s059ad.net/44u426i.3aue?mod=EventsViewerMore>
Telematics Europe 2006

5 Oct 2006 to 25 Oct 2006Research Highlights from Strategy Analytics
					Wedday, June 09, 2006 - Wedrsday, June 15, 2006
					
					
				
				
					
				
			
			
				
					This report alert details the content that we have published on our website 
						that matches your interests
					In the following list  indicates that you are able to view the full content of the report. Content marked with  are limited to a detailed report abstract and/or Table of Contents.
					Connected Home DevicesHome Device Management: Opportunities and Challenges for Service Providers and Vendors Report, WordThe home network is expanding rapidly beyond the PC. Nearly 50% owners say they connect a DVD player to their home network, and more than a third connect a games console. Broadband service providers are faced with the challenge of managing the increasing complexity of this digital home network and must decide how much responsibility they are able to take for multiple connected home devices. Solutions to this challenge are now proposed by vendors such as Motive and SupportSoft, and service providers around the world are examining the benefits of these technologies. This report provides an introduction to the major issues surrounding Home Device Management, describes its potential benefits for service providers, and assesses the challenges faced by vendors.  Click here to access the preview of analysisWireless Internet Applications2006 World Cup to Boost Mobile Data by $1Bn as T-DMB and DVB-H Get First Run Out! Insight, WordThe 2006 Football World Cup is now underway and mobile service providers the world over have launched various data services to capitalize on the tournament. Overall, we estimate that consumers will spend close to $1 billion on mobile data services as a direct result of the World Cup.Click here to access the preview of analysisWireless Network StrategiesCellular Tariff Developments in the UK Presentation, PowerPointAfter little movement for much of this decade, cellular prices have started to fall in the UK in 2006. T-Mobile's new pricing schemes are a response to pressure from low-cost MVNOs in the prepaid market and Three in the volume postpaid market. T-Mobile is now the clear price leader in the UK cellular market, with Orange, O2 and Vodafone all representing poor value in the current climate. This report highlights the impact of recent tariff changes on the positioning of the UK operators and MVNOs in the cellular voice market.Click here to access the preview of analysis
				
				
					You have no active subscriptionsBenefits of being a client
					
					Customize my delivery
					Visit the Strategy Analytics Website
					Contact Strategy Analytics
					
					MEET OUR ANALYSTS AT THESE EVENTS
					Telematics Update Navigation Europe19 Oct 2006 to 25 Oct 2006ROBO Business Conference20 Oct 2006 to 25 Oct 2006The Future of LEDs Conference26 Oct 2006 to 25 Oct 2006The Connected Digital Consumer ¨C Entertainment on the Move27 Oct 2006Telematics Europe 20065 Oct 2006 to 25 Oct 2006
</TEXT>
</DOC>

