<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\171\032</DOCNO>
<FROM>63v3w4368d1sk@q382ccv.net</FROM>
<TO>jvmgkn99e@4207606.com</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
News from the oil fields:

Premium Petroleum (fd0c.67) has had positive results from the first hole 
drilled at its Boyne Lake Gas Prospect.

The company has drilled the first hole and as was indicated on the seismic 
report, there is a presence of gas.  Management was encouraged with the 
findings and thus the well has been cased with production casing.  The well 
is on "tight hole"(confidential) status while test are completed and 
analyzed.
The company has a well experienced management team and employs strategies 
such as joint ventures to keep risks and costs to a minimum.

Current price: .023
To find out more; type in fd0c.67 at your favorite financial website. i.e. 
syl.6hbw5jk.yahoo.com

Disclaimer: This news release may contain forward-looking statements within 
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and 
Section 21E of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended; such statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary 
materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. The 
Company may experience significant fluctuations in operating results due to 
a number of economic, competitive and other factors. These factors could 
cause operations to vary significantly from those in prior periods, and 
those projected in forward-looking statements. Information with respect to 
these factors, which could materially affect the Company and its operations, 
are included on certain forms the Company files with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission. All information provided within this email pertaining 
to investing, stocks, securities must be understood as information provided 
and not investment advice.
  We advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered 
professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks 
featured within this email. None of the material within this report shall be 
construed as any kind of investment advice. No compensation has been 
received for any stocks mentioned in this report other then the one 
mentioned below. In compliance with Section 17(b), we disclose that we have 
been compensated by a payment of two thousand dollars US by a third party 
for the mention on this newsletter. Short term trading targets are only 
guesses on our part. Keep in mind that when trading small stocks like the 
company above there is a chance you will lose every penny you invest.
  Furthermore there have been times in the past when a company itself tells 
lies, gives false information and puts out false news. This email is for 
entertainment purposes only. This is not investment advice. We suggest you 
check  with  an investment professional before investing any stocks or 
mutual funds. If you no longer wish to receive our emails please send an 
email to 98r42qk1r1@yahoo.com  Thanks for taking the time to read this 
email.96

fehpdtpacpxgipdgodpy
</TEXT>
</DOC>

