<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\101\017</DOCNO>
<FROM>6kfjx4o@v7a.com</FROM>
<TO>c8in6u@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
http://jqsmtp8rjno.com
 
 
 
 
be worse, and then again it might be a good deal better. No ponies, and
no food, and no knowing quite where we are, and hordes of angry goblins
just behind! On we go! On they went. Gandalf was quite right: they
began to hear goblin noises and horrible cries far behind in the
passages they had come through. That sent them on faster than ever, and
as poor Bilbo could not possibly go half as fast-for dwarves can roll
along at a tremendous pace, I can tell you, when they have to-they took
it in turn to carry him on their backs. Still goblins go faster than
dwarves, and these goblins knew the way better (they had made the paths
themselves), and were madly angry; so that do what they could the
dwarves heard the cries and howls getting closer and closer. Soon they
could hear even the flap of the goblin feet, many many feet which seemed
only just round the last corner. The blink of red torches could be seen
http://jqsmtp8rjno.com




be worse, and then again it might be a good deal better. No ponies, and
no food, and no knowing quite where we are, and hordes of angry goblins
just behind! On we go! On they went. Gandalf was quite right: they
began to hear goblin noises and horrible cries far behind in the
passages they had come through. That sent them on faster than ever, and
as poor Bilbo could not possibly go half as fast-for dwarves can roll
along at a tremendous pace, I can tell you, when they have to-they took
it in turn to carry him on their backs. Still goblins go faster than
dwarves, and these goblins knew the way better (they had made the paths
themselves), and were madly angry; so that do what they could the
dwarves heard the cries and howls getting closer and closer. Soon they
could hear even the flap of the goblin feet, many many feet which seemed
only just round the last corner. The blink of red torches could be seen

</TEXT>
</DOC>

