<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\142\090</DOCNO>
<FROM>s39x37246q@hotmail.75</FROM>
<TO>s39x37246q@hotmail.75</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
From Mr Ben OZOHBRO,
Dear,
good day to you,

Please I need your help, and i want you to help me to transfer this money
I am MR Ben OZOHBRO, the only Son of late Mr and Mrs OZOHBRO. My father was 
a Cocoa Trader in Free Town the Capital of republic of Sierra Leone,

I want to let you know that my father was poisoned by his business 
associates while my mother died when i am little and my father took me so 
special because I am his only son. and the only sister which have died in a 
gun shot when we are trying to escap the war in my country,  before the 
death of my father on 6th August 2005  he  told me that he has the sum of 
(USD $4M ) which he deposited in a bank here in Cote D'ivoire. he made this 
money from the sales of Cocoa,

He also told me that it was because of this money he was poisoned by his 
business patners while on a business trip with them and he instructed me to 
look for a foreign partner who will help me transfer this money out of 
republic of Cote Divoire and invest it for me, my purpose of contacting you 
is for you to help transfer this money to your country so that i will come 
over to your country to furtyher my education and you will invest this money 
in your country because of, this people who kill my father are after my life 
and they want to kill me and collect the this money from me , that is why 
I'm now hiding my self here in republic of Cote Divoire so that they will 
not see me, please i need your urgent help, Tell me how much percentage you 
will take in the total money of the $4, Million Dollars to help me in 
transfering this money to your account. but you have to assure me that you 
will help me fully to transfer the money to your account , l hope you will 
not betray the trust i have on you because this money is my only hope in 
this life ,and moreover you will also help me to come over to your country 
were i will settel down for my life and  invest this money for me.

i am giving you assurance  that this  money belongs to me and it is my  
inheritance from my late father,   please i realy need your help.

I am waiting to hear from you,

r Ben Ozohbro,

_________________________________________________________________
Express yourself instantly with MSN Messenger! Download today it's FREE! 
http://9pdc1p6dt.mjh.5kwp90nr6.com/go/onm00200471ave/direct/01/
</TEXT>
</DOC>

