<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\021\092</DOCNO>
<FROM>2s7g150i@fdr72.com</FROM>
<TO>0by0@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
web site <http://y7218w254ybn.com> 
 
 
 
 
he could not scramble on top. Every time he tried, the barrel rolled
round and ducked him under again. It was really empty, and floated light
as a cork. Though his ears were full of water, he could hear the elves
still singing in the cellar above. Then suddenly the trapdoors fell to
with a boom and their voices faded away. He was in the dark tunnel,
floating in icy water, all alone-for you cannot count friends that are
all packed up in barrels.
Very soon a grey patch came up in the darkness ahead. He heard the
creak of the water-gate being hauled up, and he found that he was in the
midst of a bobbing and bumping mass of casks and tubs all pressing
together to pass under the arch and get out into the open stream. He had
as much as he could do to prevent himself from being hustled and
battered to bits; but at last the jostling crowd began to break up and
web site




he could not scramble on top. Every time he tried, the barrel rolled
round and ducked him under again. It was really empty, and floated light
as a cork. Though his ears were full of water, he could hear the elves
still singing in the cellar above. Then suddenly the trapdoors fell to
with a boom and their voices faded away. He was in the dark tunnel,
floating in icy water, all alone-for you cannot count friends that are
all packed up in barrels.
   Very soon a grey patch came up in the darkness ahead. He heard the
creak of the water-gate being hauled up, and he found that he was in the
midst of a bobbing and bumping mass of casks and tubs all pressing
together to pass under the arch and get out into the open stream. He had
as much as he could do to prevent himself from being hustled and
battered to bits; but at last the jostling crowd began to break up and

</TEXT>
</DOC>

