<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\152\063</DOCNO>
<FROM>51386g724q9y2kj9x8@yahoo.com.hk</FROM>
<TO></TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
y Dearly Beloved,


I am mother 6f2473w.6.700a7p3jd,Formerly Silvana C. Weddell, I am 50 years
old.I became a citizen of Hong kong due to marriage,but I am resident in
Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) at present which will be probably my
final resting place.I was born an orphan in 1955.I have no father or
mother,and I have no relatives.

I was blessed to have married a humble and kind man,Dr. Matyer Jayasinha
We both struggled and worked hard and the Almighty God blessed us
abundantly with w112g4.qa was a dealer in textiles,apparel.

I am now old and sick without a husband and 770v72r1.h52b has made me
unhappy.I have not re-married due to the fact that I want to cherish my
husband`s 064sga.ijt 25 years now i have been seriously sick.I am presently
in hospital suffering from cancer and I had a stroke which has affected my
yvwpuk.n0k left side of my body is 97644fh1q.n0k doctors say I have a few
months to live.I can only move my right hand,and I am able to write a
little with it and what I have written is been sent to you via e-mail by
my private computer.

I have little time so I have committed it to spreading my wealth towards
better health care for mankind because this will be what my husband
wanted.I am currently being attended to by a private nurse at my abode.I
have earmarked some funds for the management and to upgrade and build a
new cancer research facility where I was being treated up to a few months
rih.h52b will provide better health care for other cancer patients.I don`t
know you,I was able to get your e-mail address through a specialized
e5werq.c1boh are several projects of which i don`t have time to execute at
present so I am contacting different individuals with the hope that you
will carry out my instructions for the sake of 64qbb4ht.gzae1t to his call
home,he made me aware of the liquid funds and kind worth $1.9 million U.S.
wz996s8.13 currency and kind with a financial company.

I want you to take custody of the deposit,and use the money to build an
orphanage in your 7iq028e.41y will name it after our
names;6f2473w.6.700a7p3jd Foundation Home.I do not want any of my
husband`s relatives to benefit from our labour because most of them
avoided us when we were h99d06dz8k.b48t have no idea about my present
m0lsfkt7.54whvv to the poor and less privileged is what being a real
christian is all about.

All I need from you is your assurance that you will use this funds
judiciously as stated in this message.I am not able to use my laptop as
often as I will like due to the advice given me by the 1o2yz5r.h52b is all
for now.





ay you remain blessed,

Silvana .M. Jayasinha .
</TEXT>
</DOC>

