<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\301\028</DOCNO>
<FROM>f2epzqcv4nco00816@yahoo.75</FROM>
<TO>9410316@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Email: 2ii2nimqf3u44w@6176i92.com



Greetings.

As you read this, I don't want you to feel sorry for me, because, I believe
everyone will die someday. My name is Hassan Mohammed a trader in Dubai, in
the U.A.E. I have been diagnosed with Oesophageal cancer.

It has defied all forms of medical treatment, and right now I have only
about a few months to live, according to medical experts. I have not
particularly lived my life so well, as I never really cared for anyone (not
even myself), but my trade.
 Though I am very well to do, I was never open handed, I was always hostile
to people like they never had hopes of becoming as successful as myself. But
now I regret all this as I now know that there is more to life than just
wanting to be prosperous.

I believe if Allah gives me a second chance to come to this world, I would
live my life a different way from how I have lived it. Now that Allah has
called me, I have willed and given most of my belonging to my immediate and
extended family members, as well as a few close friends.
 I want Allah to be merciful to me and accept my soul. Hence I have decided
to give also to charity, as I want this to be one of the last good deeds I
do on earth. So far, I have been able to reach out to a few charity
organizations in the U.A.E, Algeria and Malaysia.
 Now that my health has deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this myself
anymore.

I once asked members of my family to aid me in giving of alms to those
organizations catering for the less privileged in Bulgaria and Pakistan,
they refused and kept the resources to themselves.
Hence, I do not trust them anymore, as they seem not to be contempt with
what I have left for them.

The last of my belonging which no one knows of, is the huge deposit of
eighteen milion US dollars that I have in a safe keeping Company abroad,
which I will want you to secure and dispatch to charity organizations.

Please endeavour to reply me on my direct email address of
2ii2nimqf3u44w@6176i92.com  for intimacy, as I'll be awaiting your quick
response. For your time and devotion, I have set aside a tenth of this for
you. Allah be with you.

Hassan Mohammed.
2ii2nimqf3u44w@6176i92.com
</TEXT>
</DOC>

