<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\542\095</DOCNO>
<FROM>n1787078@xp8a.net.og</FROM>
<TO></TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Greetings/Compliments,

We thank God for the new year and we ask of him to grant us 
good health, long life and prosperity on our prospective 
families. Oct we achieve our heart desires. Wishing you the 
very best through the year.

On 25th July 2000, Germany lost 96 passengers that were 
flying to New York to join a Caribbean cruise organized by 
Deilmann on a Concorde Flight AF4590.Visit the below links 
for further detail on the disaster which "shattered and 
stunned" Germany.

http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/851119.stm 
http://www.guardian.co.uk/concorde/story/0,7369,347596,00.html

In view of the above, I wish to introduce myself. I'm Mr. 
Joseph Cabutti /B Compt (UNISA), Dip Acc (UDW), CA (SA) / a 
chartered accountant by profession. I have worked as a 
Financial Accountant at the Independent Newspapers, with 
previous work experience as an Internal Auditor at the 
University of Zululand and Business Advisor at the Small 
Business Development .I completed my articles with KPMG.

I know the acknowledgement of this mail sounds intriguing 
considering the fact that there wasn't earlier information 
regarding my mail. Being an auditor, In December 2002 
during an audit session with a client bank here in South 
Africa I discovered an account opened in the Bank in 1998 
by Christian Eich, I went through the files of this foreign 
customer which gave me a clear picture that his account has 
been termed dormant according to the banking laws and 
ethics. If this funds in his account still remains dormant 
and unclaimed by the Fiscal Year Ending Wedday, March 31, 
2006 (FYE 25 March 2006) it would be recalled back to the 
Government Treasury. I studied his file and understood 
clearly that he did not declare his next of kin in his 
deposit application forms which indicates that he had no 
will attached to his account.This prompted me to send a 
routine notification to his forwarding address but got no 
reply. I further investigated with keen interest to find 
out that Christian Eich (57) perished with his families 
(Wife Andrea 38, Son Maxmilian, 25 and Daughter Katharina, 
8.) on board Concorde Plane AF4590. It?? really a 
tragic scene. Have a look at the links below.

http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm

Having known this, the management now want to use this 
opportunity to channel the funds for their own personal 
use. My consolidated investigations showed that they intend 
to use the funds for the purchase of war arms if no one 
comes for claims by the END of the first quarter. This is 
where I stand on my feet and say no just like Nelson 
Mandela said no to apartheid. In his autobiography, Long 
Walk to Freedom wrote of his release from prison in the 
following words "When I was among the crowd I raised my 
right fist and there was a roar. I had not been able to do 
that for twenty-seven years and it gave me a surge of 
strength and joy. We stayed among the crowd for only a few 
minutes before jumping back into the car for the drive to 
Cape Town... As I finally walked through those gates to 
enter a car on the other side, I felt even at the age of 
seventy-one that my life was beginning anew. My ten 
thousand days of imprisonment were over." My friend rather 
than support war, terrorism etc, Have a look at the 
disasters occuring in our world today, of which there are 
victims and they need our assistance to make a new life. 
There are better ways to make this funds more beneficial to 
humanity than war arms.

The funds in question are huge and wish not to disclose it 
at the moment. Furthermore, since the bank is still waiting 
for anyone with documents to substantiate the claims, I 
humbly request your co-operation and participation to claim 
this fund out of my country. This fund can only be approved 
to a foreigner having in mind that it belongs to a 
foreigner. I have worked on all modalities with the 
assistance of my close confidant attorney for years now to 
make this a success and it all proved positive. In essence, 
I have every detail on ground to establish you as the 
authentic beneficiary to the estate. I can procure and 
notarize all legal back-up documentation needed for us to 
get this fund out of my country. 

Finally, all I need from you is your trust, unconditional 
co-operation and assistance. When you receive this letter, 
showing your dedication and honesty to assist, I will like 
you to contact me immediately so that we would take the 
necessary steps immediately and I would provide you with a 
detailed mail of the business venture. I look forward to 
your prompt response.

Yours Faithfully,

Mr. Joseph Cabutti.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

