<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\542\097</DOCNO>
<FROM>08g05@hotmail.com</FROM>
<TO></TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Attn/Pls.


Dear Sir,


On behalf of the entire members of GUEI family and my good self,JOHNSON 
3.z97x the first son and the present speaker of the family of late,his 
excellency ROBERT GUEI the EX President of Republic of COTE D'IVOIRE in 
western region of Africa is hereby asking for your help and also your 
maximum assistance.I am a medical student and a middle aged man of twenty 
nine years.

My late father,when he was in power he accumulated alot of wealth and also 
lodged a locked box containing the total sum of Five Million US Dollars 
(5Million US Dollars)in a security company in Burkina 5ri7.qa further 
instructed the security company to transffered the consignment to their 
agent in indonesia to avoid any traces,the consignment was lodged as 
computer accessories for security reasons moreso,it's unlawful to deposit 
cash finance 216996qpy.0zo till date the management of the security company 
was ignorant of the real contents of the consignment.

He was killed by enemies cause of the political enviness government has for 
him when he was in risd5.0zo after his death the government led by LAURENT 
GBAGBO orderd to seize of all his know 57f8e9249p.m5 fathers properties were 
all confiscated including all his bank accounts with the accusation of 
financial 0w30l025e365r.jg306 all this trends by the government, the whole 
family were left with nothing apart from this money in 6004b9k0.0zo Luckly 
he called me a month before his sudden death and disclosed this secret to 
me,But he didn,t give the key,the secret code number of the box and the 
whole documents concerning to the vault in my hand immediately.

Just two month ago,i find all the relevant documents involved,the key and 
code number of the consignment where it was written on a 8gz0juc7.0tya,I 
called the security company as the chief beneficiary to know the proceedure 
and acquirements for the 5l26t.pln the management of the security company 
said,my late father signed an agreement with them that the vault belong to 
his foreign gwdr8b3.0zo if himself is not physically available in future,his 
next of kin Johnson which is i myself must be accompanied with his foreign 
partner before the release of this vault,and there is no name specified in 
the agreement as the foreign partner.

Presently,i am in bukina faso western region in Africa as refegees just to 
keep government preying eye away from 12.0zo to avoid someone who known me 
back hame knowing my present 421fei6.l51v5 on this reasons,i am contacting 
you to stand as my late father foreign partner and the true beneficiary to 
the vault by helping me to arrange with the company on how the consignment 
will be dislodge moreso,keep this transaction confidential between me and 
you for security reasons.

I am fully aware of the international monitoring of all large-scale 
financial movements after the September 11th 2001 terrorist attack on 
America and to avoid any state of financial investigation.I will provide a 
classified clearance paper as it was inherited from my late father which 
will exonerate the money from either drug,money laundered or terrorist 
related proceeds.

Personaly,i have decide to follow you to your country for the investment of 
this funds immediately it,s 2r2d67i8.34m632dc0u8 the success of this 
transaction will give birth to a live time relationship,patnership and 
oneness till death do us part.

Hoping to hear favourably from you soonest through my alternative 
mail(gs616@o88vq.com).
Thanks
Johnson.

_________________________________________________________________
MSN Messenger : discutez en direct avec vos amis ! 
http://syl.mjh.75/msger/44u426i.883
</TEXT>
</DOC>

