<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\072\041</DOCNO>
<FROM>zj04@2xv.com</FROM>
<TO>jw2rh50s@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
web site <http://8i60v464ex580.com> 
 
 
 
 
Sometimes there was singing in the distance too. The laughter was the
laughter of fair voices not of goblins, and the singing was beautiful,
but it sounded eerie and strange, and they were not comforted, rather
they hurried on from those parts with what strength they had left. Two
days later they found their path going downwards and before long they
were in a valley filled almost entirely with a mighty growth of oaks.
Is there no end to this accursed forest? said Thorin. Somebody must
climb a tree and see if he can get his head above the roof and have a
look round. The only way is to choose the tallest tree that overhangs
the path.
Of course somebody meant Bilbo. They chose him because to be of any
use the climber must get his head above the topmost leaves, and so he
must be light enough for the highest and slenderest branches to bear
web site




Sometimes there was singing in the distance too. The laughter was the
laughter of fair voices not of goblins, and the singing was beautiful,
but it sounded eerie and strange, and they were not comforted, rather
they hurried on from those parts with what strength they had left. Two
days later they found their path going downwards and before long they
were in a valley filled almost entirely with a mighty growth of oaks.
Is there no end to this accursed forest? said Thorin. Somebody must
climb a tree and see if he can get his head above the roof and have a
look round. The only way is to choose the tallest tree that overhangs
the path.
   Of course somebody meant Bilbo. They chose him because to be of any
use the climber must get his head above the topmost leaves, and so he
must be light enough for the highest and slenderest branches to bear

</TEXT>
</DOC>

