<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\318\036</DOCNO>
<FROM>gobb737p@4m7x6ei49a6.com</FROM>
<TO>gvi1g6@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
http://khve6hd7o.com
 
 
 
 
dreadful fall into a dim valley at one side of them. There they were
sheltering under a hanging rock for the night, and he lay beneath a
blanket and shook from head to toe. When he peeped out in the
lightning-flashes, he saw that across the valley the stone-giants were
out and were hurling rocks at one another for a. game, and catching
them, and tossing them down into the darkness where they smashed among
the trees far below, or splintered into little bits with a bang. Then
came a wind and a rain, and the wind whipped the rain and the hail about
in every direction, so that an overhanging rock was no protection at
all. Soon they were getting drenched and their ponies were standing with
their heads down and their tails between their legs, and some of them
were whinnying with fright. They could hear the giants guffawing and
shouting all over the mountainsides.
http://khve6hd7o.com




dreadful fall into a dim valley at one side of them. There they were
sheltering under a hanging rock for the night, and he lay beneath a
blanket and shook from head to toe. When he peeped out in the
lightning-flashes, he saw that across the valley the stone-giants were
out and were hurling rocks at one another for a. game, and catching
them, and tossing them down into the darkness where they smashed among
the trees far below, or splintered into little bits with a bang. Then
came a wind and a rain, and the wind whipped the rain and the hail about
in every direction, so that an overhanging rock was no protection at
all. Soon they were getting drenched and their ponies were standing with
their heads down and their tails between their legs, and some of them
were whinnying with fright. They could hear the giants guffawing and
shouting all over the mountainsides.

</TEXT>
</DOC>

