<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\324\068</DOCNO>
<FROM>1h295o@9p37k36n.com</FROM>
<TO>cfod@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
http://u15u2370sg5.com
 
 
 
 
In the end he poked his head above the roof of leaves, and then he
found spiders all right. But they were only small ones of ordinary size,
and they were after the butterflies. Bilbos eyes were nearly blinded by
the light. He could hear the dwarves shouting up at him from far below,
but he could not answer, only hold on and blink. The sun was shining
brilliantly, and it was a long while before he could bear it. When he
could, he saw all round him a sea of dark green, ruffled here and there
by the breeze; and there were everywhere hundreds of butterflies. I
expect they were a kind of purple emperor, a butterfly that loves the
tops of oak-woods, but these were not purple at all, they were a dark
dark velvety black without any markings to be seen. He looked at the
black emperors for a long time, and enjoyed the feel of the breeze in
his hair and on his face; but at length the cries of the dwarves, who
http://u15u2370sg5.com




   In the end he poked his head above the roof of leaves, and then he
found spiders all right. But they were only small ones of ordinary size,
and they were after the butterflies. Bilbos eyes were nearly blinded by
the light. He could hear the dwarves shouting up at him from far below,
but he could not answer, only hold on and blink. The sun was shining
brilliantly, and it was a long while before he could bear it. When he
could, he saw all round him a sea of dark green, ruffled here and there
by the breeze; and there were everywhere hundreds of butterflies. I
expect they were a kind of ??purple emperor, a butterfly that loves the
tops of oak-woods, but these were not purple at all, they were a dark
dark velvety black without any markings to be seen. He looked at the
??black emperors for a long time, and enjoyed the feel of the breeze in
his hair and on his face; but at length the cries of the dwarves, who

</TEXT>
</DOC>

