<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\306\045</DOCNO>
<FROM>z069ye@te2q1ryhz.p4</FROM>
<TO>8hycm3q@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
http://71xtnobnv1.com
 
 
 
 
when no one was about, and to have a word with the chief of the dwarves.
Thorin was too wretched to be angry any longer at his misfortunes, and
was even beginning to think of telling the king all about his treasure
and his quest (which shows how low-spirited he had become), when he
heard Bilbos little voice at his keyhole. He could hardly believe his
ears. Soon however he made up his mind that he could not be mistaken,
and he came to the door and had a long whispered talk with the hobbit on
the other side.
So it was that Bilbo was able to take secretly Thorins message to
each of the other imprisoned dwarves, telling them that Thorin their
chief was also in prison close at hand, and that no one was to reveal
their errand to the long, not yet, not before Thorin gave the word. For
Thorin had taken heart again hearing how the hobbit had rescued his
http://71xtnobnv1.com




when no one was about, and to have a word with the chief of the dwarves.
Thorin was too wretched to be angry any longer at his misfortunes, and
was even beginning to think of telling the king all about his treasure
and his quest (which shows how low-spirited he had become), when he
heard Bilbos little voice at his keyhole. He could hardly believe his
ears. Soon however he made up his mind that he could not be mistaken,
and he came to the door and had a long whispered talk with the hobbit on
the other side.
   So it was that Bilbo was able to take secretly Thorins message to
each of the other imprisoned dwarves, telling them that Thorin their
chief was also in prison close at hand, and that no one was to reveal
their errand to the long, not yet, not before Thorin gave the word. For
Thorin had taken heart again hearing how the hobbit had rescued his

</TEXT>
</DOC>

