<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\575\071</DOCNO>
<FROM>2qo4@6053w6.com</FROM>
<TO>jdq8joqk@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
web site <http://445rnqxu628.com> 
 
 
 
 
that way; but he was no longer quite respectable. He was in fact held by
all the hobbits of the neighbourhood to be queer-except by his nephews
and nieces on the Took side, but even they were not encouraged in their
friendship by their elders. I am sorry to say he did not mind. He was
quite content; and the sound of the kettle on his hearth was ever after
more musical than it had been even in the quiet days before the
Unexpected Party. His sword he hung over the mantelpiece. His coat of
mail was arranged on a stand in the hall (until he lent it to a Museum).
His gold and silver was largely spent in presents, both useful and
extravagant  which to a certain extent accounts for the affection of
his nephews and his nieces. His magic ring he kept a great secret, for
he chiefly used it when unpleasant callers came. He took to writing
poetry and visiting the elves; and though many shook their heads and
web site




that way; but he was no longer quite respectable. He was in fact held by
all the hobbits of the neighbourhood to be ??queer-except by his nephews
and nieces on the Took side, but even they were not encouraged in their
friendship by their elders. I am sorry to say he did not mind. He was
quite content; and the sound of the kettle on his hearth was ever after
more musical than it had been even in the quiet days before the
Unexpected Party. His sword he hung over the mantelpiece. His coat of
mail was arranged on a stand in the hall (until he lent it to a Museum).
His gold and silver was largely spent in presents, both useful and
extravagant ?? which to a certain extent accounts for the affection of
his nephews and his nieces. His magic ring he kept a great secret, for
he chiefly used it when unpleasant callers came. He took to writing
poetry and visiting the elves; and though many shook their heads and

</TEXT>
</DOC>

