<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\350\048</DOCNO>
<FROM>620l0how@n4400m711y.com</FROM>
<TO>0wr1s96@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
web site <http://880824z585.com> 
 
 
 
 
night so near the shadow of the Mountain. Not at any rate until the
songs have come true! said they. It was easier to believe in the Dragon
and less easy to believe in Thorin in these wild parts. Indeed their
stores had no need of any guard, for all the land was desolate and
empty. So their escort left them, making off swiftly down the river and
the shoreward paths, although the night was already drawing on. They
spent a cold and lonely night and their spirits fell. The next day they
set out again. Balin and Bilbo rode behind, each leading another pony
heavily laden beside him; the others were some way ahead picking out a
slow road, for there were no paths. They made north-west, slanting away
from the River Running, and drawing ever nearer and nearer to a great
spur of the Mountain that was flung out southwards towards them.
It was a weary journey, and a quiet and stealthy one. There was no
web site




night so near the shadow of the Mountain. Not at any rate until the
songs have come true! said they. It was easier to believe in the Dragon
and less easy to believe in Thorin in these wild parts. Indeed their
stores had no need of any guard, for all the land was desolate and
empty. So their escort left them, making off swiftly down the river and
the shoreward paths, although the night was already drawing on. They
spent a cold and lonely night and their spirits fell. The next day they
set out again. Balin and Bilbo rode behind, each leading another pony
heavily laden beside him; the others were some way ahead picking out a
slow road, for there were no paths. They made north-west, slanting away
from the River Running, and drawing ever nearer and nearer to a great
spur of the Mountain that was flung out southwards towards them.
   It was a weary journey, and a quiet and stealthy one. There was no

</TEXT>
</DOC>

