<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\539\056</DOCNO>
<FROM>ypu79109a0e6i@hoe8el.com.2g</FROM>
<TO></TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Dear 
 
I got your contact from the Ecowas Infomation Center in 6r669g4.m5 
sources of your contact gave me the courage and 42oxd0677d.lq is my 
pleasure to contact you for a business venture which I intend 
toestablish in your country, though I have not met with you before but 
I believe one has to risk confiding in success sometimes in life.I am 
Robert Barry,the son of the former minister for DEFENCE and INTERIOR.
There is this huge amount of US$7.8million (SEVEN MILION EIGHT HUNDRED 
THOUSAND US DOLLARS) which my late father kept for us in thesecurity 
company here in senegal dakar before he was piosioned to death by his 
business associate.
 
Now I have decided to invest these money in your country or anywhere 
save enough outside Africa for security and political reasons. I want 
you to help me claim and retrieved these fund from the Fiduciary Fund 
Holders and Transfer it into your personal account in your country for 
investment purposes on profitable 9t166bmt.9c you can be of an 
assistance to me, I  will pleased to offer you 25% of the total fund.
while I have set aside 5% of the total fund for any expenses incur by 
you during the process. I await your soon response through our private 
mailbox:
 
Your house Addres.......................
Your Phone Number ......................
Your Fax Number ........................

N.B. Upon your interest, I will forward you the security company 
contact


immediately .
 
Respectfully yours,
 
Mr Robert Barry
</TEXT>
</DOC>

