<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\278\048</DOCNO>
<FROM>943m@z9mj1o507.com</FROM>
<TO>k5m186p@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
web site <http://y7218w254ybn.com> 
 
 
 
 
love, the desire of the hearts of dwarves. Then something Tookish woke
up inside him, and he wished to go and see the great mountains, and hear
the pine-trees and the waterfalls, and explore the caves, and wear a
sword instead of a walking-stick. He looked out of the window. The stars
were out in a dark sky above the trees. He thought of the jewels of the
dwarves shining in dark caverns. Suddenly in the wood beyond The Water a
flame leapt upprobably somebody lighting a wood-fire-and he thought of
plundering dragons settling on his quiet Hill and kindling it all to
flames. He shuddered; and very quickly he was plain Mr. Baggins of
Bag-End, Under-Hill, again. He got up trembling. He had less than half a
mind to fetch the lamp, and more than half a mind to pretend to, and go
and hide behind the beer barrels in the cellar, and not come out again
until all the dwarves had gone away. Suddenly he found that the music
web site




love, the desire of the hearts of dwarves. Then something Tookish woke
up inside him, and he wished to go and see the great mountains, and hear
the pine-trees and the waterfalls, and explore the caves, and wear a
sword instead of a walking-stick. He looked out of the window. The stars
were out in a dark sky above the trees. He thought of the jewels of the
dwarves shining in dark caverns. Suddenly in the wood beyond The Water a
flame leapt up??probably somebody lighting a wood-fire-and he thought of
plundering dragons settling on his quiet Hill and kindling it all to
flames. He shuddered; and very quickly he was plain Mr. Baggins of
Bag-End, Under-Hill, again. He got up trembling. He had less than half a
mind to fetch the lamp, and more than half a mind to pretend to, and go
and hide behind the beer barrels in the cellar, and not come out again
until all the dwarves had gone away. Suddenly he found that the music

</TEXT>
</DOC>

