<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\278\064</DOCNO>
<FROM>0drx2aq339ty@us2kp1.com</FROM>
<TO>k5m186p@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
http://8d6419ub1j5.com
 
 
 
 
utton yesterday, mutton today, and blimey, if it dont look like
mutton again tomorrow, said one of the trolls.
Never a blinking bit of manflesh have we had for long enough, said
a second. What the ell William was a-thinkin of to bring us into
these parts at all, beats me  and the drink runnin short, whats
more, he said jogging the elbow of William, who was taking a pull at
his jug. William choked. Shut yer mouth! he said as soon as he could.
Yer cant expect folk to stop here for ever just to be et by you and
Bert. Youve et a village and a half between yer, since we come down
from the mountains. How much more dyer want? And times been up our
way, when yerd have said thank yer Bill for a nice bit o fat valley
mutton like what this is. He took a big bite off a sheeps leg he was
toasting, and wiped his lips on his sleeve. Yes, I am afraid trolls do
http://8d6419ub1j5.com




   Mutton yesterday, mutton today, and blimey, if it dont look like
mutton again tomorrow, said one of the trolls.
   Never a blinking bit of manflesh have we had for long enough, said
a second. What the ??ell William was a-thinkin of to bring us into
these parts at all, beats me ?? and the drink runnin short, whats
more, he said jogging the elbow of William, who was taking a pull at
his jug. William choked. Shut yer mouth! he said as soon as he could.
Yer cant expect folk to stop here for ever just to be et by you and
Bert. Youve et a village and a half between yer, since we come down
from the mountains. How much more dyer want? And times been up our
way, when yerd have said ??thank yer Bill for a nice bit o fat valley
mutton like what this is. He took a big bite off a sheeps leg he was
toasting, and wiped his lips on his sleeve. Yes, I am afraid trolls do

</TEXT>
</DOC>

