<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\278\065</DOCNO>
<FROM>j26m491v9o4@8viz1o3.net</FROM>
<TO>k5m186p@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
http://lwf4676yp4.com
 
 
 
 
poor legs! At the best of times heights made Bilbo giddy. He used to
turn queer if he looked over the edge of quite a little cliff; and he
had never liked ladders, let alone trees (never having had to escape
from wolves before). So you can imagine how his head swam now, when he
looked down between his dangling toes and saw the dark lands opening
wide underneath him, touched here and there with the light of the moon
on a hill-side rock or a stream in the plains.
The pale peaks of the mountains were coming nearer, moonlit spikes of
rock sticking out of black shadows. Summer or not, it seemed very cold.
He shut his eyes and wondered if he could hold on any longer. Then he
imagined what would happen if he did not. He felt sick. The flight ended
only just in time for him, just before his arms gave way. He loosed
Doris ankles with a gasp and fell onto the rough platform of an eagles
http://lwf4676yp4.com




poor legs! At the best of times heights made Bilbo giddy. He used to
turn queer if he looked over the edge of quite a little cliff; and he
had never liked ladders, let alone trees (never having had to escape
from wolves before). So you can imagine how his head swam now, when he
looked down between his dangling toes and saw the dark lands opening
wide underneath him, touched here and there with the light of the moon
on a hill-side rock or a stream in the plains.
   The pale peaks of the mountains were coming nearer, moonlit spikes of
rock sticking out of black shadows. Summer or not, it seemed very cold.
He shut his eyes and wondered if he could hold on any longer. Then he
imagined what would happen if he did not. He felt sick. The flight ended
only just in time for him, just before his arms gave way. He loosed
Doris ankles with a gasp and fell onto the rough platform of an eagles

</TEXT>
</DOC>

