<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\516\038</DOCNO>
<FROM>78hr@6k298m0x371j.com</FROM>
<TO>7jxkd6@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
http://l7x3u184n.com
 
 
 
 
but whether alive or dead still remains to be seen.
Chapter 10
A Warm Welcome
The day grew lighter and warmer as they floated along. After a while
the river rounded a steep shoulder of land that came down upon their
left. Under its rocky feet like an inland cliff the deepest stream had
flowed lapping and bubbling. Suddenly the cliff fell away. The shores
sank. The trees ended. Then Bilbo saw a sight: The lands opened wide
about him, filled with the waters of the river which broke up and
wandered in a hundred winding courses, or halted in marshes and pools
dotted with isles on every side: but still a strong water flowed on
steadily through the midst. And far away, its dark head in a torn cloud,
there loomed the Mountain! Its nearest neighbours to the North-East and
http://l7x3u184n.com




but whether alive or dead still remains to be seen.
    Chapter 10
    A Warm Welcome
   The day grew lighter and warmer as they floated along. After a while
the river rounded a steep shoulder of land that came down upon their
left. Under its rocky feet like an inland cliff the deepest stream had
flowed lapping and bubbling. Suddenly the cliff fell away. The shores
sank. The trees ended. Then Bilbo saw a sight: The lands opened wide
about him, filled with the waters of the river which broke up and
wandered in a hundred winding courses, or halted in marshes and pools
dotted with isles on every side: but still a strong water flowed on
steadily through the midst. And far away, its dark head in a torn cloud,
there loomed the Mountain! Its nearest neighbours to the North-East and

</TEXT>
</DOC>

