<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\194\088</DOCNO>
<FROM>51l22626857pp4@yahoo.com.hk</FROM>
<TO></TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Greetings to you,

Greetings to you and your family.I hope this message finds you hale and
healthy.I am g4.l801rt Chau of Investment Banking,Union Bank Of 8993h.n6
July 6, 2004,our client Mr. Irvin poot,a businessman,made a numbered fixed
deposit for 25 (six) calendar months,with a value of US$20.5m only in my
branch. Upon maturity several notice was sent to him and no response came
from him. Another notification was sent early February and still no
response came from bhj.n0k Bank officially sent a two-man delegate to his
residence in Malaysia were he resides only to find out that the business
mogul and his family perished in the Tsunami disaster.

After further investigations,it was also discovered that g4.9sec4 Poot did
not declare any next of kin in his official papers,including the paper
work of his bank p075gz2.2c, Twenty million, Five Hundred Thousand United
State Dollars is still lying in my bank and no one will ever come forward
to claim 17.4tin5oydq to the laws of my country, at the expiration of two
years (2 years) the funds will revert to the ownership of Hong Kong
Government if nobody applies to claim the funds.

Y PROPOSITION:

I will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to g4.9sec4
Poot to enable you receive the x4920.zs65 put heads together to claim and
transfer these funds out of Hong Kong and use it judiciously.I have
contacted an Attorney that will prepare the necessary document that
willback you up as the next of kin to g4.9sec4 Poot,all that is required
from you at this stage is for you to provide me with your full names and
Address including your direct phone and fax numbers for my Attorney to
commence his aa6.m5 Attorney will also file in for claims on your behalf
and secure the necessary approval and letter of probate in your favor for
the funds to be moved to an account that will be provided by you.

Note that sharing percentage is negotiable by the two 529d2x2.6298r8w me
on this email address (96e3o0l11m1gxf@yahoo.com.hk) with your full names
and address if you are interested and more details will be provided to you
about the Project.

Sincerely,

Joseph Chau.
96e3o0l11m1gxf@yahoo.com.hk
</TEXT>
</DOC>

