<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\279\005</DOCNO>
<FROM>96l7z2wi@89n8m1jo0pptb89y27e.com</FROM>
<TO>8ru6n5@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Good evening,



upadukadel[dot]com
----
made his toilet for the night.  Anna Arkadyevna had not yet come
in.  With a book under his arm he went upstairs.  But this
evening, instead of his usual thoughts and meditations upon
official details, his thoughts were absorbed by his wife and
something disagreeable connected with her.  Contrary to his usual
habit, he did not get into bed, but fell to walking up and down
the rooms with his hands clasped behind his back.  He could not
go to bed, feeling that it was absolutely needful for him first
to think thoroughly over the position that had just arisen.
When Alexey Alexandrovitch had made up his mind that he must talk
to his wife about it, it had seemed a very easy and simple
matter.  But now, when he began to think over the question that
had just presented itself, it seemed to him very complicated and
difficult.
Alexey Alexandrovitch was not jealous.  Jealousy according to
his notions was an insult to one's wife, and one ought to have
confidence in one's wife.  Why one ought to have confidence--
that is to say, complete conviction that his young wife would
always love him--he did not ask himself.  But he had no
experience of lack of confidence, because he had confidence in
her, and told himself that he ought to have it.  Now, though his
conviction that jealousy was a shameful feeling and that one
ought to feel confidence, had not broken down, he felt that he
was standing face to face with something illogical and
irrational, and did not know what was to be done.  Alexey
Alexandrovitch was standing face to face with life, with the
possibility of his wife's loving someone other than himself, and
</TEXT>
</DOC>

