<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\243\073</DOCNO>
<FROM>nj98in6@sj5t7.9629.net</FROM>
<TO>jvmgkn99e@4207606.com</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
http://l7x3u184n.com
 
 
 
 
South and was carted past the falls to their town; but in the great days
of old, when Dale in the North was rich and prosperous, they had been
wealthy and powerful, and there had been fleets of boats on the waters,
and some were filled with gold and some with warriors in armour, and
there had been wars and deeds which were now only a legend. The rotting
piles of a greater town could still be seen along the shores when the
waters sank in a drought.
But men remembered little of all that, though some still sang old
songs of the dwarf-kings of the Mountain, Thror and Thrain of the race
of Durin, and of the coming of the Dragon, and the fall of the lords of
Dale. Some sang too that Thror and Thrain would come back one day and
gold would flow in rivers through the mountain-gates, and all that land
would be filled with new song and new laughter. But this pleasant legend
http://l7x3u184n.com




South and was carted past the falls to their town; but in the great days
of old, when Dale in the North was rich and prosperous, they had been
wealthy and powerful, and there had been fleets of boats on the waters,
and some were filled with gold and some with warriors in armour, and
there had been wars and deeds which were now only a legend. The rotting
piles of a greater town could still be seen along the shores when the
waters sank in a drought.
   But men remembered little of all that, though some still sang old
songs of the dwarf-kings of the Mountain, Thror and Thrain of the race
of Durin, and of the coming of the Dragon, and the fall of the lords of
Dale. Some sang too that Thror and Thrain would come back one day and
gold would flow in rivers through the mountain-gates, and all that land
would be filled with new song and new laughter. But this pleasant legend

</TEXT>
</DOC>

