<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\160\093</DOCNO>
<FROM>yrm@ozby6kj9c3rm.com</FROM>
<TO>jdq8joqk@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
http://2jn6r880ur0y.com
 
 
 
 
hobbits need some description nowadays, since they have become rare and
shy of the Big People, as they call us. They are (or were) a little
people, about half our height, and smaller than the bearded Dwarves.
Hobbits have no beards. There is little or no magic about them, except
the ordinary everyday sort which helps them to disappear quietly and
quickly when large stupid folk like you and me come blundering along,
making a noise like elephants which they can hear a mile off. They are
inclined to be at in the stomach; they dress in bright colours (chiefly
green and yellow); wear no shoes, because their feet grow natural
leathery soles and thick warm brown hair like the stuff on their heads
(which is curly); have long clever brown fingers, good-natured faces,
and laugh deep fruity laughs (especially after dinner, which they have
twice a day when they can get it). Now you know enough to go on with. As
http://2jn6r880ur0y.com




hobbits need some description nowadays, since they have become rare and
shy of the Big People, as they call us. They are (or were) a little
people, about half our height, and smaller than the bearded Dwarves.
Hobbits have no beards. There is little or no magic about them, except
the ordinary everyday sort which helps them to disappear quietly and
quickly when large stupid folk like you and me come blundering along,
making a noise like elephants which they can hear a mile off. They are
inclined to be at in the stomach; they dress in bright colours (chiefly
green and yellow); wear no shoes, because their feet grow natural
leathery soles and thick warm brown hair like the stuff on their heads
(which is curly); have long clever brown fingers, good-natured faces,
and laugh deep fruity laughs (especially after dinner, which they have
twice a day when they can get it). Now you know enough to go on with. As

</TEXT>
</DOC>

