<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\555\038</DOCNO>
<FROM>fx8k0z8r189o7@401bm52snaay3z.com</FROM>
<TO>akde6zicf@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Hello, friend



comisarovnety[dot]com
----
"You see, your good lady's settled me here, told me to sit a bit
with her," said Agafea Mihalovna, smiling affectionately at
Kitty.
In these words of Agafea Mihalovna, Levin read the final act of
the drama which had been enacted of late between her and Kitty.
He saw that, in spite of Agafea Mihalovna's feelings being hurt
by a new mistress taking the reins of government out of her
hands, Kitty had yet conquered her and made her love her.
"Here, I opened your letter too," said Kitty, handing him an
illiterate letter.  "It's from that woman, I think, your
brother's..." she said.  "I did not read it through.  This is
from my people and from Dolly.  Fancy!  Dolly took Tanya and
Grisha to a children's ball at the Sarmatskys': Tanya was a
French marquise."
But Levin did not hear her.  Flushing, he took the letter from
Marya Nikolaevna, his brother's former mistress, and began to
read it.  This was the second letter he had received from Marya
Nikolaevna.  In the first letter, Marya Nikolaevna wrote that his
brother had sent her away for no fault of hers, and, with
touching simplicity, added that though she was in want again, she
asked for nothing, and wished for nothing, but was only tormented
by the thought that Nikolay Dmitrievitch would come to grief
without her, owing to the weak state of his health, and begged
his brother to look after him.  Now she wrote quite differently.
She had found Nikolay Dmitrievitch, had again made it up with him
</TEXT>
</DOC>

