<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\057\043</DOCNO>
<FROM>e2l9y1z40na@oix8etwd.org</FROM>
<TO>7jxkd6@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
web site <http://y7218w254ybn.com> 
 
 
 
 
they never found him out. He just throttled them from behind, if they
ever came down alone anywhere near the edge of the water, while he was
prowling about. They very seldom did, for they had a feeling that
something unpleasant was lurking down there, down at the very roots of
the mountain. They had come on the lake, when they were tunnelling down
long ago, and they found they could go no further; so there their road
ended in that direction, and there was no reason to go that way-unless
the Great Goblin sent them. Sometimes he took a fancy for fish from the
lake, and sometimes neither goblin nor fish came back.
Actually Gollum lived on a slimy island of rock in the middle of the
lake. He was watching Bilbo now from the distance with his pale eyes
like telescopes. Bilbo could not see him, but he was wondering a lot
about Bilbo, for he could see that he was no goblin at all.
web site




they never found him out. He just throttled them from behind, if they
ever came down alone anywhere near the edge of the water, while he was
prowling about. They very seldom did, for they had a feeling that
something unpleasant was lurking down there, down at the very roots of
the mountain. They had come on the lake, when they were tunnelling down
long ago, and they found they could go no further; so there their road
ended in that direction, and there was no reason to go that way-unless
the Great Goblin sent them. Sometimes he took a fancy for fish from the
lake, and sometimes neither goblin nor fish came back.
   Actually Gollum lived on a slimy island of rock in the middle of the
lake. He was watching Bilbo now from the distance with his pale eyes
like telescopes. Bilbo could not see him, but he was wondering a lot
about Bilbo, for he could see that he was no goblin at all.

</TEXT>
</DOC>

