<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\305\079</DOCNO>
<FROM>h3ltn@cq1f02l9fuqq0uy.com</FROM>
<TO>gt9b6@4207606.com</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
刘老师，

对不起，邮件系统好出了问题。邮件退回，重发一次。


刘老师，

您好！

To backup&restore or move EPIcenter, please following the following
instuction:

1. Validate the database by running dbvalid utility. 
Windows NT/2000 - install_dir\database\dbvalid -c
"uid=dba;pwd=sql;dbf=install_dir\66g063y31.37" 

2. Backup the database with the dbbackup utility. Remember that this copies
the database, not the usernames and passwords. 

Windows NT/2000 - install_dir\database\dbackup -c
"uid=dba;pwd=sql;dbf=install_dir\r5oj79hs.37" backup_dir 

This example assumes a database user ID of dba, with password sql. These are
the defaults used when the database server is installed through the
EPICenter installation process. If you have changed your database user ID
and password, substitute your actual user ID and password in the command. 

3. Install the backup database by: 

shutting down the EPICenter services 

ove or delete the old copy of r5oj79hs.37 found in the EPICenter
installation directory. 

Copy the backup copy of r5oj79hs.37 to the EPICenter installation directory.


Restart EPICenter services

william weng
System Engineer
Extreme Networks



邮件没有到达某些或全部的预定收件人。

      主题:	EPICenter database backup and restore
      发送时间:	2006-6-23 10:56

无法到达以下收件人:

      lnr7s@DCampus在 2006-6-23 11:00
	原始邮件的 MTS-ID 为: c=us;a= ;p=extreme
networks;l=SC-MSEXCH-110607051255N1NF6N8D
            MSEXCH:IMS:Extreme Networks:EXTREME:SC-MSEXCH-11 0 (000C05A6)
system error (-3102)

刘老师，

您好！

To backup&restore or move EPIcenter, please following the following
instuction:

1. Validate the database by running dbvalid utility. 
Windows NT/2000 - install_dir\database\dbvalid -c
"uid=dba;pwd=sql;dbf=install_dir\66g063y31.37" 

2. Backup the database with the dbbackup utility. Remember that this copies
the database, not the usernames and passwords. 

Windows NT/2000 - install_dir\database\dbackup -c
"uid=dba;pwd=sql;dbf=install_dir\r5oj79hs.37" backup_dir 

This example assumes a database user ID of dba, with password sql. These are
the defaults used when the database server is installed through the
EPICenter installation process. If you have changed your database user ID
and password, substitute your actual user ID and password in the command. 

3. Install the backup database by: 

shutting down the EPICenter services 

ove or delete the old copy of r5oj79hs.37 found in the EPICenter
installation directory. 

Copy the backup copy of r5oj79hs.37 to the EPICenter installation directory.


Restart EPICenter services

william weng
System Engineer
Extreme Networks
</TEXT>
</DOC>

