<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\572\083</DOCNO>
<FROM>xqm85v3z@8vr.me02.z7p8gl9.com</FROM>
<TO>6v6z10@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
You received this e-mail because you signed up to receive 
special offers and announcements from c4u55wi.com 
advertisers.

Here is a special announcement from NYU:
---------------------------------------------

NYU's Fall Bulletin - over 1,500 ways to inspire you.

NYU's School of Continuing and Professional Studies is as 
vibrant, creative, and innovative as New York itself. Take 
advantage of more than 1,500 courses, professional 
certificates, and workshops designed to help you make the 
most of yourself, personally and professionally. Explore 
the widest range of opportunities to help you get ahead in 
your current career, or develop a new passion. To view the 
new Fall Bulletin online or to have one mailed to you, 
visit our website at 
http://syl.i8w4.yb4.edu/nyt059.

Our courses cover everything from the latest in digital 
design and computer graphics, to real estate, marketing, 
and management. Gain proficiency in translation studies, 
make a film from start to finish, learn from top financial 
planners, or prepare for graduate school and take your 
career to the next level. Learn from a faculty of leading 
practitioners - men and women with valuable insights and 
real-world expertise who connect the dynamic, day-to-day 
innovations of the New York and global business worlds 
with your skills and interests. Visit our website at 
http://syl.i8w4.yb4.edu/nyt059.

Courses are taught at convenient times and locations, from 
Wall Street to the Village, to Midtown. We even offer 
Fast-Track courses for busy professionals. Visit 
http://syl.i8w4.yb4.edu/nyt059.

NYU's School of Continuing and Professional Studies also 
offers a wide range of professional Master's degrees - 
powerful ways to take your career to a new level in areas 
that range from publishing to digital design. As well as 
undergraduate degrees from our Paul McGhee Division, where 
adult students can begin or complete their undergraduate 
degree from NYU. For more information, visit our website at 
http://syl.i8w4.yb4.edu/nyt064.

--------------------------------------------- 
ABOUT THIS E-MAIL 

You received this e-mail because you signed up to receive 
special offers and announcements from c4u55wi.com 
advertisers.  As a member of the BBBOnline Privacy Program 
and the TRUSTe privacy program, we are committed to 
protecting your privacy.

To unsubscribe from this e-mail, go to: 
http://syl.z7p8gl9.com/gst/6j9c6.n4t3?email=6v6z10@utsc.edu.cn&id=36385867&group=mm&product=advertiser

To change delivery or format options, update your e-mail 
address, sign up for newsletters, go to the E-mail 
Preferences page in our Member Center: 
http://syl.z7p8gl9.com/email

Suggestions and feedback are welcome at: 29z7ayg8@z7p8gl9.com

For information on advertising in e-mail newsletters or other 
creative advertising opportunities with The New York Times on 
the Web, visit our online media kit at: 
http://syl.z7p8gl9.com/adinfo

c4u55wi.com
500 Seventh Avenue
New York, NY 10018

Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company
</TEXT>
</DOC>

