<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\337\021</DOCNO>
<FROM>p2co71t7is5t@4s6i520v9.com</FROM>
<TO>0wr1s96@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
web site <http://14gsbdyop4z9.com> 
 
 
 
 
thrill voice, Thorin gave way, and Oin and Gloin were sent back to their
bundles at the top of the tunnel. After a while a twinkling gleam showed
them returning, in with a small pine-torch alight in his hand, and Gloin
with a bundle of others under his arm. Quickly Bilbo trotted to the door
and took the torch; but he could not persuade the dwarves to light the
others or to come and join him yet. As Thorin carefully explained, Mr.
Baggins was still officially their expert burglar and investigator. If
he liked to risk a light, that was his affair. They would wait in the
tunnel for his report. So they sat near the door and watched.
They saw the little dark shape of the hobbit start across the floor
holding his tiny light aloft. Every now and again, while he was still
near enough, they caught a glint and a tinkle as he stumbled on some
golden thing. The light grew smaller as he wandered away into the vast
web site




thrill voice, Thorin gave way, and Oin and Gloin were sent back to their
bundles at the top of the tunnel. After a while a twinkling gleam showed
them returning, in with a small pine-torch alight in his ha were there slain, or drawn in to die in the trackless dark of
irkwood. Songs have said that three parts of the goblin warriors of the
North perished on that day, and the mountains had peace for many a year.
   Victory had been assured before the fall of night, but the pursuit
was still on foot, when Bilbo returned to the camp; and not many were in
the valley save the more grievously wounded.
   Where are the Eagles? he asked Gandalf that evening, as he lay
wrapped in many warm blankets.
   Some are in the hunt, said the wizard, but most have gone back to

</TEXT>
</DOC>

