<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\157\050</DOCNO>
<FROM>uk4zdce6t0@4z48zn.com</FROM>
<TO>qtqnw70@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
http://818433ja.com
 
 
 
 
our stars and Mr. Baggins. I am sure he has a right to expect it, though
I wish he could have arranged a more comfortable journey. Still-all very
much at your service once more, Mr. Baggins. No doubt we shall feel
properly grateful, when we are fed and recovered. In the meanwhile what
next? I suggest Lake-town, said Bilbo, What else is there? Nothing
else could, of course, be suggested; so leaving the others Thorin and
Fili and Kili and the hobbit went along the shore to the great bridge.
There were guards at the head of it, but they were not keeping very
careful watch, for it was so long since there had been any real need.
Except for occasional squabbles about river-tolls they were friends with
the Wood-elves. Other folk were far away; and some of the younger people
in the town openly doubted the existence of any dragon in the mountain,
and laughed at the greybeards and gammers who said that they had seen
http://818433ja.com




our stars and Mr. Baggins. I am sure he has a right to expect it, though
I wish he could have arranged a more comfortable journey. Still-all very
much at your service once more, Mr. Baggins. No doubt we shall feel
properly grateful, when we are fed and recovered. In the meanwhile what
next? I suggest Lake-town, said Bilbo, What else is there? Nothing
else could, of course, be suggested; so leaving the others Thorin and
Fili and Kili and the hobbit went along the shore to the great bridge.
There were guards at the head of it, but they were not keeping very
careful watch, for it was so long since there had been any real need.
Except for occasional squabbles about river-tolls they were friends with
the Wood-elves. Other folk were far away; and some of the younger people
in the town openly doubted the existence of any dragon in the mountain,
and laughed at the greybeards and gammers who said that they had seen

</TEXT>
</DOC>

