<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\543\030</DOCNO>
<FROM></FROM>
<TO>gvi1g6@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Dear Gang Wei,

Did you know that your published articles are indexed in Scopus, the
world?s largest abstract and citation database?

Scopus has recently introduced its Author Identifier feature to help
you and others more easily find and cite your work.

To try it now ? just enter your name, run a search and click on the
details link next to your name to access your author details page.

http://syl.93pw4n.com/scopus/search/7jv0.1lf?display=authorLookup

Your author details page provides a one-page overview and quick
links to your publications, citations and co-authors.

In the first release of the Author Identifier we have been careful
to avoid incorrectly assigning documents to authors. Some of your
articles may contain insufficient data for us to match them to you.
These records will appear separately in your search results. You can
notify us of any records that belong to you by using the feedback
button on the Author Results page or the ?contact us? link on the
Author Details page.  You should receive a notification within a
couple of days that we have received your feedback. It may take
longer to adjust the records in the database.

We will continue to match documents as more data becomes available
and your feedback will be invaluable in helping us to refine our
matching process.

You have access to Scopus via your institution?s internal network.
Contact your librarian if you have difficulty logging in. For more
information about Scopus and the Author Identifier, please visit
http://syl.info.93pw4n.com.


Best regards,
Mark van Hussen

Scopus Team

=============================================================
Data Protection Notice:
This e-mail has been sent to gvi1g6@utsc.edu.cn from Elsevier B.V.,
Radarweg 29, 1043 NX Amsterdam, The Netherlands, using Bluestreak?s
IonMail Center technology and platform. You are receiving this
e-mail because you are an author of an article abstracted in Scopus
and this service announcement relates to your personal details.

For all enquiries, problems or suggestions regarding this service,
please contact mailto:29z7ayg8@93pw4n.com.

Copyright ? 2006 Elsevier B.V. syl.s432r9p1.com

All rights reserved. Scopus? is a registered trademark of Elsevier
B.V. Please read the Scopus Privacy Policy
http://syl.93pw4n.com/scopus/standard/wefkpop5p1kbl.1lfPlease open the online
      version of this message if the HTML is not correctly displayed.

      
      
        Dear Gang
          Wei,
        
        Did you
          know that your published articles are indexed in Scopus, the world?s
          largest abstract and citation database?
        
        Scopus
          has recently introduced its Author Identifier feature to help you and
          others more easily find and cite your work. 
        
        To try
          it now ? just enter your name, run a search and click on the details
          link next to your name to access your author details page.
        
        http://syl.93pw4n.com/scopus/search/7jv0.1lf?display=authorLookup
        
        Your author
          details page provides a one-page overview and quick links to your publications,
          citations and co-authors.
        
        In the
          first release of the Author Identifier we have been careful to avoid
          incorrectly assigning documents to authors. Some of your articles may
          contain insufficient data for us to match them to you. These records
          will appear separately in your search results. You can notify us of
          any records that belong to you by using the feedback button on the Author
          Results page or the ?contact us? link on the Author Details page.? You should receive a notification within a couple
          of days that we have received your feedback. It may take longer to adjust
          the records in the database.
        
        We will
          continue to match documents as more data becomes available and your
          feedback will be invaluable in helping us to refine our matching process.
        
        You have
          access to Scopus via your institution?s internal network. Contact your
          librarian if you have difficulty logging in. For more information about
          Scopus and the Author Identifier, please visit http://syl.info.93pw4n.com.
        
        
        Best
          regards, 
        Mark
          van Hussen
        
        Scopus Team=====================================================
        
        Data
          Protection Notice:
        This
          e-mail has been sent to gvi1g6@utsc.edu.cn from Elsevier B.V., Radarweg
          29, 1043 NX Amsterdam, The Netherlands, using Bluestreak?s
          IonMail Center technology
          and platform. You are receiving this e-mail because you are an author
          of an article abstracted in Scopus and this service announcement relates
          to your personal details.
        
        For
          all enquiries, problems or suggestions regarding this service, please
          contact 29z7ayg8@93pw4n.com.
        
        Copyright
          ? 2006 Elsevier B.V. 

        All
          rights reserved. Scopus? is a registered trademark of Elsevier B.V.
          Please read the Scopus Privacy
          Policy
</TEXT>
</DOC>

