<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\512\025</DOCNO>
<FROM>ow1ux8@hoe8el.com.2g</FROM>
<TO></TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
FROM PRINCE WILLIAM DUKE 
ELEME PROVINCE 
NIGERIA. 
Tel: 234-8033223758 


Greetings, 
In appreciation of your esteemed contact received  through a reliable 
Source and the choice of your country I wish to  introduce myself .I am 
Prince William Duke the first son of His Royal  Majesty, WIWA DUKE 
(LATE) the traditional ruler of Eleme Province in  the oil area of 
Rivers State of Nigeria. I am making this contact to  you in respect of 
US 65,000,000.00 which I inherited from my late  father. This funds was 
accumulated from royalties paid to my father as  compensation by the 
oil firms located in our area as a result of oil  presence on our land 
which hamper agriculture which is our major source of livelihood. 
Unfortunately my father died from protracted  diabetes. But before his 
death he called my attention and informed me  that he lodged some funds 
with a security firm and Security Code  Numbers and other 
documentations was also revealed to me by my late father before his 
death, he then advised me to look for a reliable  business partner 
abroad, who will assist me in investing the funds in  a lucrative 
business as a result of economic instability in 6os1494.2c  this is the 
main reason why I am contacting you to seek your  assistance for us to 
move this funds from the diplomatic security firm  to any country of 
your choice for investment purposes. So I will like you to be the 
person taking delivery, so that the funds can be moved  in your name 
and particulars to any country of your choice where it  will be claimed 
and invested. Hence my father have had intimated the  security firm 
personnel that the owner of the consignment is hisforeign partner whose 
particulars will be forwarded to the firm when  p94.pln I will guide 
you accordingly. As soon as the fund reaches, I  will then come over to 
meet you in person, so that we can discuss physically on Investment 
details. Based on this instance I and my  family have unanimously 
decided to give you 20% of the total funds, 2%  for charity homes and 
3% for expenses, which may arise during the  transaction, fax and phone 
bills inclusive. The balance of 75% you  will invest and manage for my 
family. I hereby guarantee you that this  is not government funds, it 
is not drug funds and it is not funds from  arms deal or have any 
terrorist origin.I will give you all proof of deposit and existence of 
funds once fully satisfied with your capability and honesty. I hope 
this will be the beginning of a  prosperous relationship between my 
family and yours Nevertheless if  you are for any reason not interest, 
kindly inform me immediately so  that I will look for another contact.
Reply-To: "z9d4nupo14ao" <z9d4nupo14ao@f773ewp.g5>
waiting for your quick response. 
Yours faithfully, 

WILLIAM DUKE
</TEXT>
</DOC>

