<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\373\003</DOCNO>
<FROM></FROM>
<TO>0by0@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
web site <http://880824z585.com> 
 
 
 
 
when it was Bilbos turn he would see gleams in the darkness round them,
and sometimes pairs of yellow or red or green eyes would stare at him
from a little distance, and then slowly fade and disappear and slowly
shine out again in another place. And sometimes they would gleam down
from the branches just above him; and that was most terrifying. But the
eyes that he liked the least were horrible pale bulbous sort of eyes.
Insect eyes he thought, not animal eyes, only they are much too big.
Although it was not yet very cold, they tried lighting watch-fires at
night, but they soon gave that up. It seemed to bring hundreds and
hundreds of eyes all round them, though the creatures, whatever they
were, were careful never to let their bodies show in the little flicker
of the flames. Worse still it brought thousands of dark-grey and black
moths, some nearly as big as your hand, flapping and whirring round
web site




when it was Bilbos turn he would see gleams in the darkness round them,
and sometimes pairs of yellow or red or green eyes would stare at him
from a little distance, and then slowly fade and disappear and slowly
shine out again in another place. And sometimes they would gleam down
from the branches just above him; and that was most terrifying. But the
eyes that he liked the least were horrible pale bulbous sort of eyes.
Insect eyes he thought, not animal eyes, only they are much too big.
Although it was not yet very cold, they tried lighting watch-fires at
night, but they soon gave that up. It seemed to bring hundreds and
hundreds of eyes all round them, though the creatures, whatever they
were, were careful never to let their bodies show in the little flicker
of the flames. Worse still it brought thousands of dark-grey and black
moths, some nearly as big as your hand, flapping and whirring round

</TEXT>
</DOC>

