<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\373\004</DOCNO>
<FROM>r2zb@13rp.5846w3.1a</FROM>
<TO>0by0@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
web site <http://02e31c18.com> 
 
 
 
 
long about it; they had come back too quick. It isnt all that big, and
it does not go far back.
That, of course, is the dangerous part about caves: you dont know
how far they go back, sometimes, or where a passage behind may lead to,
or what is waiting for you inside. But now Fili and Kills news seemed
good enough. So they all got up and prepared to move. The wind was
howling and the thunder still growling, and they had a business getting
themselves and their ponies along. Still it was not very far to go, and
before long they came to a big rock standing out into the path. If you
stepped behind, you found a low arch in the side of the mountain. There
was just room to get the ponies through with a squeeze, when they had
been unpacked and unsaddled. As they passed under the arch, it was good
to hear the wind and the rain outside instead of all about them, and to
web site




long about it; they had come back too quick. It isnt all that big, and
it does not go far back.
   That, of course, is the dangerous part about caves: you dont know
how far they go back, sometimes, or where a passage behind may lead to,
or what is waiting for you inside. But now Fili and Kills news seemed
good enough. So they all got up and prepared to move. The wind was
howling and the thunder still growling, and they had a business getting
themselves and their ponies along. Still it was not very far to go, and
before long they came to a big rock standing out into the path. If you
stepped behind, you found a low arch in the side of the mountain. There
was just room to get the ponies through with a squeeze, when they had
been unpacked and unsaddled. As they passed under the arch, it was good
to hear the wind and the rain outside instead of all about them, and to

</TEXT>
</DOC>

