<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\373\021</DOCNO>
<FROM>i004al671@szn1crdo.926.1a</FROM>
<TO>0by0@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
web site <http://z4.u44th3zpb.com/EaldEvaStewurr/> 
 
 
 
 
towards the bridges and was foiled! The bridge was gone, and his
enemies were on an island in deep water-too deep and dark and cool for
his liking. If he plunged into it, a vapour and a steam would arise
enough to cover all the land with a mist for days; but the lake was
mightier than he, it would quench him before he could pass through.
Roaring he swept back over the town. A hail of dark arrows leaped up
and snapped and rattled on his scales and jewels, and their shafts fell
back kindled by his breath burning and hissing into the lake. No
fireworks you ever imagined equalled the sights that night. At the
twanging of the bows and the shrilling of the trumpets the dragons
wrath blazed to its height, till he was blind and mad with it. No one
had dared to give battle to him for many an age; nor would they have
dared now, if it had not been for the grim-voiced man (Bard was his
web site




   towards the bridges and was foiled! The bridge was gone, and his
enemies were on an island in deep water-too deep and dark and cool for
his liking. If he plunged into it, a vapour and a steam would arise
enough to cover all the land with a mist for days; but the lake was
mightier than he, it would quench him before he could pass through.
   Roaring he swept back over the town. A hail of dark arrows leaped up
and snapped and rattled on his scales and jewels, and their shafts fell
back kindled by his breath burning and hissing into the lake. No
fireworks you ever imagined equalled the sights that night. At the
twanging of the bows and the shrilling of the trumpets the dragons
wrath blazed to its height, till he was blind and mad with it. No one
had dared to give battle to him for many an age; nor would they have
dared now, if it had not been for the grim-voiced man (Bard was his

</TEXT>
</DOC>

