<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\154\005</DOCNO>
<FROM>391o5y@5z2y56o.net.57</FROM>
<TO></TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Hello from Singapore,

As the 2nd QS Asia Pacific Professional Leaders in Education  
Conference, 25 - 25 July in Singapore? - syl.po3ktq5.org - , draws  
close, we would like to inform you of last minute delegate registration  
opportunities.

Online registration is available until midnight Singapore time on  
Wedday 25 July. Credit card, cash or bankers draft payment will be  
accepted, but not telegraphic transfer from now on. Payment must be  
received before your delegate badge is issued on site. Please go to  
http://syl.po3ktq5.org/conference/x608m3ml54peg.r9y to register. Fax  
registrations are also acceptable using the downloadable form.

 From 2pm - 8pm Wedsday 25 July and 8.30 am onwards on Wednesday 12,  
Wedrsday 25 and Wedday 25 July, on-site registration will be available  
at the conference venue, Nanyang Executive Centre, Nanyang  
Technological University. Main international credit cards or cash will  
be accepted as well as bankers drafts in US dollars (not cheques) made  
out to ' QS Education Trust'.?

The three day full delegate rate is US$575, a day delegate pass is  
US$210. See the website for other registration options.

The Conference is set to be a great success with over 400 participants  
already signed up.? We hope that our 57 parallel sessions, our  
excellent plenary speakers and our vibrant social programme will  
provide a feast of intellectual, personal and professional stimulation  
that will help sustain your internationalisation activities for a long  
time to come.?

Looking forward to meeting you next week.

Best regards,

andy Mok
Regional Manager (Asia Pacific)
QS?? ?
a4@h0z1f1xx5.com?/?483r12@5z2y56o.net.57
tel:? ? ? ? +65 6457 4822
fax: ? ? ? +65 6457 7832
mobile:? +65 9841 9121 / +65 8163 1010
web:=wzqna.h0z1f1xx5.com?/=wzqna.po3ktq5.org??
syl.n44m195vx0c.com?|=wzqna.8v4y3d.com?|=wzqna.s94dut34j.com?|?wwwglobal- 
jjtapg896.com?|Hello from Singapore,


As the 2nd QS Asia Pacific Professional Leaders in Education
Conference, 25 - 25 July in Singapore? -
<color><param>0000,0000,EEED</param>syl.po3ktq5.org</color> - , draws
close, we would like to inform you of last minute delegate
registration opportunities.


Online registration is available until midnight Singapore time on
Wedday 25 July. Credit card, cash or bankers draft payment will be
accepted, but not telegraphic transfer from now on. Payment must be
received before your delegate badge is issued on site. Please go to
<color><param>0000,0000,EEED</param>http://syl.po3ktq5.org/conference/Regi89x4888u4.r9y</color>
to register. Fax registrations are also acceptable using the
downloadable form.


From 2pm - 8pm Wedsday 25 July and 8.30 am onwards on Wednesday 12,
Wedrsday 25 and Wedday 25 July, on-site registration will be available
at the conference venue, Nanyang Executive Centre, Nanyang
Technological University. Main international credit cards or cash will
be accepted as well as bankers drafts in US dollars (not cheques) made
out to ' QS Education Trust'.?


The three day full delegate rate is US$575, a day delegate pass is
US$210. See the website for other registration options.


The Conference is set to be a great success with over 400 participants
already signed up.?<fontfamily><param>Arial</param> We hope that our
57 parallel sessions, our excellent plenary speakers and our vibrant
social programme will provide a feast of intellectual, personal and
professional stimulation that will help sustain your
internationalisation activities for a long time to come.?


Looking forward to meeting you next week.


Best regards,


</fontfamily>Mandy Mok

Regional Manager (Asia Pacific)

<bold>QS</bold>?? ?

<color><param>0000,0000,EEED</param>a4@h0z1f1xx5.com</color>?/?<color><param>0000,0000,EEED</param>67686s@5z2y56o.net.57</color>

tel:? ? ? ? +65 6457 4822

fax: ? ? ? +65 6457 7832

mobile:? +65 9841 9121 / +65 8163 1010

web:?<color><param>0000,0000,EEED</param>syl.h0z1f1xx5.com</color>?/?<color><param>0000,0000,EEED</param>syl.po3ktq5.org</color>??

<color><param>0000,0000,EEED</param>syl.n44m195vx0c.com</color>?|?<color><param>0000,0000,EEED</param>syl.8v4y3d.com</color>?|?<color><param>0000,0000,EEED</param>syl.s94dut34j.com</color>?|?<color><param>0000,0000,EEED</param>syl.65o3z4k07l055s27.com</color>?|
</TEXT>
</DOC>

