<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\576\083</DOCNO>
<FROM>zgag49cyu1p28@info.og</FROM>
<TO>ko2l1oa@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
-------------------
THE SECURITY POST
-------------------
March Newsletter
From CA, Inc. 
(formerly known as Computer Associates International, Inc.)
-------------------


Why PC Security Means PC Stability:
How Installing Security Software Keeps Your PC Running Smoothly.

It happens all the time. Applications act up. Screens freeze.
Programs slow down and shut down for no reason. Your PC crashes
in mid-task. You ask yourself, "What's wrong with this
computer?" - and you believe it's something system-related. But
very often, it's something more subtle, something you don't
expect...  
-------------------

What is Adware?

Of all the spyware attacks that PC users face, the most
plentiful are adware programs. Adware is software that can be
quietly installed onto your PC when you accept free offers, but
can also be downloaded casually while you're surfing the
Internet. You know you have it by the arbitrary pop-up offers
that suddenly appear on your screen, or perhaps a change in your
browser's appearance or settings. Some of the ads you may find
useful, but many of them contain objectionable content. For
example, ads for questionable pharmaceutical products or
discounts on imitation Rolex watches. 

Other than selling you stuff, one of the main functions of
adware is to track your Internet surfing habits and report them
to a third party. By tracking your surfing habits, they gain
valuable market research information, and can target their
offers to you more precisely. Interestingly, you may have agreed
to have adware installed on your PC when you accepted a free
download - your permission is sometimes granted in the fine
print. 
-------------------
 
Do I have Adware?
 
Although it's often installed invisibly, without your knowledge,
if your computer has been infected by adware there are usually
indications. The classic symptoms are obvious: frequent and
annoying pop-up offers, a general slowdown in PC performance
and, as the adware begins to conflict with your PC's legitimate
software and operating system, frequent freezes and crashes,
resulting in lost information between saves. If you've been
experiencing these frustrating scenarios, you probably have
adware on your PC. Use the URL below for a free online scan and
check if you have adware or spyware on your PC. 

http://ma.uy962t5m70.com/ct/93.b3f?t=31817&c=147375175&m=m&type=3

Since adware is often programmed to launch when your computer
starts up, and run continuously in the background, it adds time
to your startup and slows down everything you do on your PC -
especially if you have more than one adware program on your PC.
By using up your system resources in this way, adware is
consuming memory and speed that would otherwise be used for
normal computing needs.

Another symptom that adware has been quietly dropped on your PC,
is that your browser begins acting on its own and takes you to
places you don't want to go. This is known as browser hijacking.
The goal of browser hijackers is to group you into a targeted
marketing campaign and steer you to the sites that they want you
to visit. 
------------------- 
 
How Did I Get it?

Here's how adware gets downloaded onto your PC. You visit an
ordinary web site for just a few minutes, or maybe only a few
seconds, and then seamlessly move onto something else. In the
few moments you spent at that site, adware can be invisibly
downloaded onto your PC without your knowledge or approval. This
is called a "drive-by download". 

Another common way of getting adware is bundled with free
software. There is a multitude of free software available on the
Internet that provides real value to people. However, if you read
all the fine print during the installation process, you may find
that it comes bundled with adware - often multiple adware
programs.
-------------------
 
Peer-to-Peer Applications Are More Than They Appear.

Did you know that when you install most peer-to-peer
applications that allow you to share files with friends and
family, you are inviting adware onto your PC as well? Most
peer-to-peer software developers, like Grokster and KaZaA, get
paid by companies looking for ways to distribute their adware
offers. This is how they make their money. Surprisingly, they're
doing it with your permission. Many of us don't realize that when
we "agree" to the company's software license, we grant permission
to have adware downloaded. It's buried in the fine print. So,
buyer (or sharer) beware.

Here are a few links to help you make heads or tails of the
details and dangers behind some of the more popular peer-to-peer
programs and common adware pests:

Grokster:
http://ma.uy962t5m70.com/ct/93.b3f?t=31830&c=147375175&m=m&type=3
KaZaA:
http://ma.uy962t5m70.com/ct/93.b3f?t=31831&c=147375175&m=m&type=3
MySearch:
http://ma.uy962t5m70.com/ct/93.b3f?t=31832&c=147375175&m=m&type=3
BargainBuddy:
http://ma.uy962t5m70.com/ct/93.b3f?t=31833&c=147375175&m=m&type=3
--------------------

Be Sure the Cure Isn't Worse Than the Condition.

The good news is that there are many security software products
available that protect you from spyware, adware and more. When
shopping for anti-spyware software, you want to find a product
that detects and removes a wide range of spyware threats, offers
real-time protection, uses little hard drive space and offers
frequent updates to protect you from newly discovered threats. 

In short, you should consider a reputable source for proven
software written not only for protection but also for operating
efficiency. A product that requires minimal memory and capacity
to deliver maximum results. That's why CA's eTrust(R)
PestPatrol(R) Anti-Spyware is an excellent anti-spyware
solution. It has all of the features and benefits that you
should expect in an anti-spyware solution, requires less system
resources than most other products, takes less time to install,
runs faster and performs more efficiently during standard PC
scans.

Learn More about eTrust PestPatrol Anti-Spyware:
http://ma.uy962t5m70.com/ct/93.b3f?t=31834&c=147375175&m=m&type=3
 
 
To find out more about eTrust PestPatrol Anti-Spyware and CA's
other award-winning security products, visit z4.com/consumer.
And be sure to look out for more computer protection information
in next month's issue of The Security Post.



DEPARTMENTS:


THREATALERT

-THREAT-
An IRS Phishing Scam Warning - Bogus emails, presumably sent
from the IRS, reach taxpayers and report that their tax refunds
are waiting.

-M.O.-
When taxpayers click the link supplied, it sends them to an
official-looking Web site that requests Social Security and
credit card numbers.

-RISK-
The IRS reports that the scam has currently been seen in
Virginia, but, like all such phishing scams, it can be easily
deployed anywhere in the US.

-IMPACT-
The ploy is designed to steal information that can be used to
empty the accounts of unsuspecting taxpayers.
 



FRIGHT-FULL FACT

69% 
Percentage of computers in homes with children under age 25 that
contained
spyware/adware.
 -AOL/NCSA Survey, 2005 





PRODUCT TIPS
 
Want to learn more about the spyware and adware that has
infected your PC? eTrust PestPatrol Anti-Spyware makes it easy.
After completing a scan, simply click the name of any pest
found. You'll be delivered to a web page in our Spyware
Information Center that describes the pest in detail, including
symptoms, risks, and more. The Spyware Information Center also
includes statistical data, a spyware glossary, and a free online
spyware scanner.

Spyware Information Center:
http://ma.uy962t5m70.com/ct/93.b3f?t=31818&c=147375175&m=m&type=3





WE TRUST CA
 
CA's anti-spyware and antivirus products have been awarded
Checkmark certifications by West Coast Labs, a leading
independent testing organization for information security
products. The Checkmark System is a quality testing and
certification service with established, independent standards on
product effectiveness.
eTrust(R) PestPatrol(R) Anti-Spyware was awarded the
certification for detecting a wide variety of spyware pests, and
eTrust(R) EZ Antivirus was certified for detecting all viruses
"in the wild." More information is available at:

http://ma.uy962t5m70.com/ct/93.b3f?t=31820&c=147375175&m=m&type=3
 
 

VIRUS CHECK
 
Suspicious? 
Think it's a virus? 
Send it to r1t7y@z4.com
We'll check it and let you know!
 

 




   
Computer Associates International, Inc. 
One Computer Associates Plaza, Islandia, NY 11749.  

This message is a solicitation from Computer Associates.  To
stop receiving such emails, go here:
http://ma.uy962t5m70.com/clients/computer_associates/9ih6tzu2.r9y?eemail=ko2l1oa@utsc.edu.cn

Contact Us
http://ma.uy962t5m70.com/ct/93.b3f?t=31836&c=147375175&m=m&type=3

Legal Notice
http://ma.uy962t5m70.com/ct/93.b3f?t=31837&c=147375175&m=m&type=3

Privacy Policy
http://ma.uy962t5m70.com/ct/93.b3f?t=31838&c=147375175&m=m&type=3

http://ma.uy962t5m70.com/ct/93.b3f?t=31840&c=147375175&m=m&type=3

(C)2005 Computer Associates International, Inc.  (CA) All rights
reserved.  All trademarks, trade names, service marks and logos
referenced herein belong to their respective companies.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

