<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\545\001</DOCNO>
<FROM>06w0zip1cb6@4d5nk8if233.com.hk</FROM>
<TO>06w0zip1cb6@4d5nk8if233.com.hk</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
ADVERTISING & MARKETING CAMPAIGNS IN 2006


May Preview 

 

 


Two office designs of unusual distinction take the lead in May's
Perspective. You'll also find stories on Mercedes-Benz's innovative new
museum in Stuttgart, a trio of cutting-edge apartments in Hong Kong and
Berlin, plus our overview of the latest designs unveiled at the Stockholm
Furniture Fair. Also, stand by for an intriguing look at 'homes of the
future' from the past and present, and outstanding coverage of upcoming
projects, new products and important happenings from around the globe.





 


 

 


Supplements 


2006

May

AV systems - Sights & Sounds 


 

 

Commercial fittings and furnishings - Competitive Comforts


 

 

High-tech homes - Living Intelligence


 

June

Floors/walls/ceilings - Surface with Style


 

 

Home furishings - Inner Piece 


 

July

Kitchens - Form+Function+Flavour 


 

 

Ceramics


 

 

 

For a full-year marketing supplement calendar, please click here
<http://syl.4d5nk8if233.com.hk/media_kit/2x14935u.u3n> .



 


 

 


April Highlights 

 




 

Beyond the Horizon

Taken with the natural beauty of the mountains and sea that border Sai Kung,
architect Ronald Lu & Partners (Hong Kong) Limited were determined to make
The Giverny a little different from run-of-the-mill residential
developments.

 

 

 




Down to Earth

Real luxury - the luxury of space and flexibility and closeness to nature -
is to be found at ground level. Demonstrating all the advantages the
down-to-earth approach is this breathtaking Pudong, Shanghai showhouse by
Rocco Yim and PAL Design Consultant Ltd.

 

 

 




  

Divine Geometry

"One of the most exciting challenges a designer can face in Hong Kong is to
make an outdoor space an extension of one's home," says Laurence Liauw. And
as seen in this exceptionally clean-lined North Point apartment, rising to
the challenge can have tremendous results. 

 

 




 


Perspective Plus Supplier Promotion

 


 <http://syl.e02qpo8l8hbn72m.hk/company_u9kv.b3f?lighting%21853o0pl.u7h> 

Maxgrand-Lighting Station Limited 

Lighting Station Limited offers an electric range of lighting designs
specially chosen to suit Hong Kong interiors and aesthetic sensibilities

Lighting Station's range is entirely sourced from brands in Italy, Germany
and the Netherlands, offering peerless craftsmanship and designs covering
the whole spectrum of genres from contemporary to classic. "We try to
embrace different kinds of lighting designs as Hong Kong people are becoming
more eclectic," Lam comments. Indeed, one of Lighting Station's key
strategies is to pay close attention to local market trends, and select
products for their range accordingly. "Some European designs are amazing,
but they may not be suitable for interiors in Hong Kong," confirms Lam.

To read the complete article, please click the image.

 


 <http://syl.e02qpo8l8hbn72m.hk/company_u9kv.b3f?le4p4.u7h> 


Timpo Office Furniture

Whether it is an office, a hotel or an apartment, Timpo has the proven
expertise to provide a tailor-made furniture solution of the highest quality

Despite its name, Timpo Office Furniture is more than just a supplier of
workplace furnishings - the company specialises in appointing hotels and
residential apartments too. Since 2002 Timpo has been operated under the
HOPO Bright Group, a successful local furniture manufacturer with 25 offices
throughout Hong Kong, China, and Japan. "HOPO Bright was founded in 1985,
and our production plant is located in Dongguan. We now have 1,900 skilled
workers working on site, and yearly production volume is over a million
pieces of furniture," explains chairman Michael Wu. "We started off focusing
on renovations and furniture manufacturing for the home and the office,
which soon led us to the hotel market." 

To read the complete article, please click the image.

 


 <http://syl.e02qpo8l8hbn72m.hk/company_u9kv.b3f?m701.u7h> 

Vega Technology Ltd

Vega Technology's long experience in the AV industry has made it a preferred
choice of all who demand the best quality products be matched with
second-to-none service

Specialising in AV, Information Display and Video Conferencing technology,
Vega Technology's product range features brands such as Barco, Epson,
Panasonic, Samsung, and Bose, among many others. The company is also an
exclusive distributor of Fujitsu plasma display and top-of-the-line VC
equipment such as the highly rated Tandberg VC pavilion. But what marks Vega
Technology out in this crowded market is the capability it puts behind the
products. With over 25 years' experience, the company offers a level of
expertise and support seldom matched in Hong Kong.

To read the complete article, please click the image.

 


 <http://syl.e02qpo8l8hbn72m.hk/company_u9kv.b3f?9rdj7bq.u7h> 

Winview Building Materials & Services Co, Ltd

Winview Building Materials & Services Co, Ltd, is leading the way in turning
Hong Kong's architects and designers on to the amazing advantages of the
modern concrete floor

Of all the design-related materials that go into a construction project,
none works harder than the flooring. That's why marble, wood, tile, etc. are
so commonly found in this application - they combine the long-lasting
durability that is so vital in flooring with a beauty that pleases end-users
and designers alike. But the choices don't end there. According to Winview
Building Materials & Services Co, Ltd, inexpensive, easier-to-install
concrete not only can achieve the same kind of decorative effects as more
conventional flooring materials, but offer superior performance too. So
what's the secret? 

To read the complete article, please click the image.

 


MOSAIC - Event Coverage

 


April issue <http://syl.4d5nk8if233.com.hk/events/0333g1qzvoqq.u7h>
<http://syl.4d5nk8if233.com.hk/events/0333g1qzvoqq.u7h>
<http://syl.4d5nk8if233.com.hk/events/0333g1qzvoqq.u7h>
<http://syl.4d5nk8if233.com.hk/events/0333g1qzvoqq.u7h> 

Please click on name for more imagess

Expansion Joints <http://syl.4d5nk8if233.com.hk/events/apr_0fiyi9.u7h> 

Art and crafts lovers streamed into Sai Street to join the outdoor party
marking the grand opening of the Sin Sin Annex and Sin Sin Atelier

 


for . Advertising . Editorial and . Subscription information, please contact
us at
Tel: (852) 2525 0287 Fax: (852) 2526 3860 
Email: 9b33@4d5nk8if233.com.hk  <mailto:9b33@h85w835j4ssd7b.com> Website:
syl.4d5nk8if233.com.hk

 




 


Copyright C 2006 Perspective Limited. All Rights Reserved.


If you no longer wish to be notified of our updates or valuable offers,
please send an email to 9b33@4d5nk8if233.com.hk to unsubscribe permanently.
ADVERTISING  MARKETING CAMPAIGNS IN
  2006
  
   
    
    May Preview 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
   
   
    
    Two office designs of unusual distinction take the
    lead in Mays
    innovative new museum in Stuttgart, a trio of cutting-edge apartments in Hong
     Kong and Berlin, plus our overview of the latest designs unveiled at the
    Stockholm Furniture Fair. Also, stand by for an intriguing look at homes
    of the future from the past and present, and outstanding coverage of
    upcoming projects, new products and important happenings from around the
    globe.
    
    
    
    
   
   
  
  
  
   
    
    
    
   
  
  
  
   
    
    Supplements 
    
   
   
    
    2006
    
    
    May
    
    
    AV systems - Sights 
    Sounds 
    
   
   
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    Commercial
    fittings and furnishings - Competitive Comforts
    
   
   
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    High-tech homes - Living Intelligence
    
   
   
    
    
    
    
    June
    
    
    Floors/walls/ceilings - Surface with Style
    
   
   
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    Home furishings - Inner Piece
    
    
   
   
    
    
    
    
    July
    
    
    Kitchens - Form+Function+Flavour 
    
   
   
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    Ceramics
    
   
   
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
   
  
  For a full-year
  marketing supplement calendar, please click here.
  
  
  
  
 





 
  
  
  
 





 
  
  April Highlights 
  
 





 
  
  
  
  
  
  Beyond the Horizon
  Taken with the natural beauty of the mountains and
  sea that border Sai Kung, architect Ronald Lu  Partners (Hong Kong)
  Limited were determined to make The Giverny a little different from
  run-of-the-mill residential developments.
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  Down to Earth
  Real luxury  the luxury of space and flexibility
  and closeness to nature  is to be found at ground level. Demonstrating all
  the advantages the down-to-earth approach is this breathtaking Pudong, Shanghai showhouse by Rocco Yim and PAL
  Design Consultant Ltd.
  
  
  
 





 
  
  
  
  
   
  Divine Geometry
  One of the most exciting challenges a designer can
  face in Hong Kong is
  to make an outdoor space an extension of one says Laurence Liauw.
  And as seen in this exceptionally clean-lined North Point apartment, rising
  to the challenge can have tremendous results. 
  
  
 





 
  
  
  
 





 
  
  Perspective Plus Supplier Promotion
  
 





 
  
  
  
  
  Maxgrand-Lighting Station Limited 
  Lighting Station Limited offers an electric range of
  lighting designs specially chosen to suit Hong
   Kong interiors and aesthetic sensibilities
  Lighting Station's range is entirely sourced from
  brands in Italy, Germany and the Netherlands, offering peerless craftsmanship and designs covering the whole
  spectrum of genres from contemporary to classic. We try to embrace
  different kinds of lighting designs as Hong Kong people are becoming more eclectic, Lam comments. Indeed,
  one of Lighting Station's key strategies is to pay close attention to local
  market trends, and select products for their range accordingly. Some
  European designs are amazing, but they may not be suitable for interiors in Hong Kong, confirms Lam.
  
  To read the complete article, please click the image.
  
 





 
  
  
  
  
  
  Timpo Office Furniture
  Whether it is an
  office, a hotel or an apartment, Timpo has the proven expertise to provide a
  tailor-made furniture solution of the highest quality
  
  Despite its name, Timpo Office Furniture is more than just a supplier of
  workplace furnishings  the company specialises in appointing hotels and residential
  apartments too. Since 2002 Timpo has been operated under the HOPO Bright
  Group, a successful local furniture manufacturer with 25 offices throughout Hong Kong, China, and Japan.
  HOPO Bright was founded in 1985, and our production plant is located in
  Dongguan. We now have 1,900 skilled workers working on site, and yearly
  production volume is over a million pieces of furniture, explains
  chairman Michael Wu. We started off focusing on renovations and
  furniture manufacturing for the home and the office, which soon led us to the
  hotel market. 
  To read the complete article, please
  click the image.
  
 





 
  
  
  
  
  Vega Technology Ltd
  Vega Technology's
  long experience in the AV industry has made it a preferred choice of all who
  demand the best quality products be matched with second-to-none service
  
  Specialising in AV, Information Display and Video Conferencing technology,
  Vega Technology's product range features brands such as Barco, Epson,
  Panasonic, Samsung, and Bose, among many others. The company is also an
  exclusive distributor of Fujitsu plasma display and top-of-the-line VC
  equipment such as the highly rated Tandberg VC pavilion. But what marks Vega
  Technology out in this crowded market is the capability it puts behind the
  products. With over 25 years' experience, the company offers a level of
  expertise and support seldom matched in Hong Kong.
  To read the complete article, please click the image.
  
 





 
  
  
  
  
  Winview Building Materials  Services
  Co, Ltd
  Winview Building Materials  Services Co, Ltd,
  is leading the way in turning Hong Kong's architects and designers on to the amazing advantages of the
  modern concrete floor
  Of all the design-related materials that go into a
  construction project, none works harder than the flooring. That's why marble,
  wood, tile, etc. are so commonly found in this application  they combine the
  long-lasting durability that is so vital in flooring with a beauty that
  pleases end-users and designers alike. But the choices don't end there.
  According to Winview Building Materials  Services Co, Ltd, inexpensive,
  easier-to-install concrete not only can achieve the same kind of decorative
  effects as more conventional flooring materials, but offer superior
  performance too. So what's the secret? 
  To read the complete article, please click the image.
  
 





 
  
  MOSAIC - Event Coverage
  
 





 
  
  April issue
  
  Please click on name for more imagess
  
  
  Expansion Joints
  
  Art and crafts lovers streamed into Sai Street to join the outdoor party
  marking the grand opening of the Sin Sin Annex and Sin Sin Atelier
  
 





 
  
  for  Subscription information, please
  contact us at
  Tel: (852) 2525 0287
  Fax: (852) 2526 3860 
  Email: 9b33@4d5nk8if233.com.hk Website: syl.4d5nk8if233.com.hk
  
 
 





 
  
  
  
 





 
  
  Copyright  2006 Perspective
  Limited. All Rights Reserved.
  
 
 
  
  
  If you no longer wish to be
  notified of our updates or valuable offers, please send an email to 9b33@4d5nk8if233.com.hk to
  unsubscribe permanently.

</TEXT>
</DOC>

